{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 	I am in the habit of writing down words that affect me as I encounter them, and one theme of Randy Paush\'92s lecture quickly found itself in my notes app folder titled 
\f1\i I heard this somewhere. 
\f0\i0 Essentially: if someone hasn\'92t shown you a good thing about them, you just have\'92t given them enough time. No person is evil\'97all people are good. Wait.\
	This is one of the conditions of being a selfless and kind person. It requires forgiveness and the worst thing of all\'97patience. I also believe that someone who is willing to believe in others is someone who is constantly evolving. Accepting others requires an immense amount of self-reflection.\
	Despite encountering Randy Paush only this once, he is somebody I would describe as a great teacher. His talk, which revolved around attitudes for a successful life, revealed a passionate gratitude for the people in his life. A recent trend in my own life has been the recognition of other people\'92s significance to the beliefs I have about myself. Pursuing something out of passion is a frightening road made of brick walls, but a network of people and positive influences is a powerful tool. This message was easy to identify with, since I struggle to face challenges and identify solutions.}