{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12180\viewh9820\viewkind0
\deftab20
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab20\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 	I\'92d like to start this paper by talking about my personal experience with the classroom. Growing up, I always did exactly what I needed to do without ever being encouraged to push or question myself. It wasn\'92t hard to be in the advanced placement classes\'97teachers didn\'92t view me as a disruption to the environment or a hinderance in the schedule\'97but, honestly, I found little motivation in the pursuit of knowledge or self-discovery. I just knew my friends were in those classes, so I took them.\
	Of course, once I was no longer a brick in the wall, this attitude became more challenging. Adult life, after all, doesn\'92t come without the overwhelming impulse to seek self-fulfillment and satisfaction. A late ADHD diagnosis provided some awareness and understanding to my behavior, but it didn\'92t solve the insistent question: how do I focus on what matters to me? Quizzes promising insight into learning styles, or tests simplifying the traits of your personality into a single word, are inspiring modes of reflection but typically treated no differently than a zodiac sign. Reflection loses its power when it becomes absolute, but this is an uncomfortable truth. It is much easier to seek out fixed definitions of self nicely laid out by others.\
	I have taken a number of assessments that make some variation of the promise, \'93If you do this, then you\'92ll succeed,\'94 and I didn\'92t find the learning styles quiz to be an exception. Being an artist, and considering my fidgety habits, I was unsurprised to be labeled a tactile learner. Still curious, I took the quiz a second time and altered only one answer. As a result, I became an auditory learner who benefited from study methods almost entirely in contradiction of the original suggestions. It\'92s easy to imagine how confusing this sort of result could be to children and younger adults, who generally have no idea who they are, or to someone honestly considering all the nuances of everyday life. Thus, it is better to think of learning styles as an effect of learning rather than causational. \
	The article \'93The Problem with \'91Learning Styles\'92\'94 makes a few interesting points, most of which I don\'92t necessarily agree with, but this stood out to me: \'93It is clear that people have a strong sense of their own learning preferences\'85but it is less clear that these preferences matter.\'94 Access to education is undeniably an essential element of a free nation, but the nature of such a demand necessitates a system that is generalized and therefore flawed. This is what makes a teacher so crucial. Every teacher is in the unique position of encountering students from a variety of backgrounds, including those who come from places of insecurity, and their role in an individual\'92s belief system is easily overlooked. A teacher or mentor who consistently fills gaps in positive motivation is one that changes lives.\
	Someone who lacks support and encouragement develops avoidant tendencies; confronting challenges becomes a game of worth rather than the pursuit of passion. Understanding what learning strategies are actually effective is absolutely an individual, necessary, and constant endeavor, but preferences don\'92t matter if someone doesn\'92t believe they can apply themselves in the educational setting. Teachers who believe in their students ultimately impart the idea that failure is unavoidable and actually a vital part of success. People who believe this understand what it takes to accomplish their dreams, will take the time to discover themselves, and confront challenges as just another learning strategy.}